README.md, before:

# Portfolio Repository

This repository hosts my portfolio, showcasing my projects and experiences built with React, Tailwind CSS, and Vite.
This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

## Features

This template offers a minimal setup for a robust portfolio with features such as:

- **React with HMR**: Utilizes React to create a dynamic and interactive user interface, with Hot Module Replacement (HMR) for a smooth development experience.
- **TypeScript Integration**: Seamlessly incorporates TypeScript for enhanced type safety and code reliability.
- **Tailwind CSS Configuration**: Tailwind CSS is integrated and configured to cater to personalized styling needs, ensuring a sleek and customizable design.

## Plugins

The repository includes the following official Vite plugins:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md): Uses Babel for Fast Refresh during development.
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc): Utilizes SWC for Fast Refresh, providing an alternative approach.

## ESLint Configuration

For those working on a production-ready application, it's recommended to expand the ESLint configuration:

- Configure the top-level `parserOptions` in `.eslintrc.js` as follows:

```js
parserOptions: {
  ecmaVersion: 'latest',
  sourceType: 'module',
  project: ['./tsconfig.json', './tsconfig.node.json'],
  tsconfigRootDir: __dirname,
},
```

Commit message:

git ci -m 'feat: add animation with frame-motion'

README.md, after:

# My Portfolio - Frontend Developer

This repository hosts my portfolio, showcasing my projects and experiences built with React, Tailwind CSS, and Vite.
This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

## Main Technologies Used

**React** - Library for building user interfaces.
**TypeScript** - Typed programming language.
**Vite** - Fast build tool for web applications.
**Tailwind CSS** - Utility CSS framework.
**Framer Motion** - Library for animations in React.
**React Router DOM** - Routing for React applications.
**Vercel** - Platform for deploying web projects.

## Contribution

Contributions are welcome! If you have ideas, issues, or improvements for
the project, feel free to open an issue or send a pull request.

## Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/my-website.git
   ```

2. **Install dependencies:**

   ```bash
   cd my-website
   npm i
   ```

## Use linting

for use the lint run:

```bash
  npm run lint
```
